Let's use it.
We have a array of weapons, we have a
candlestick, a lead pipe, and a revolver.
We also have this function
called makeBroken.
What it does is it takes an item and
it returns a broken item by prepending
it with the word [LAUGH] broken.
So, what we wanna do is we want a,
Array, we want an array of broken weapons.
We're pacifists here, okay?
We make functions that break them.
And, how might we do that?
Let's take 5 minutes, To do that.
One tip is that I don't think
there's underscore here.
There's kombuchas here,
do you guys see this?
What is that?
Does anyone know what that is?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> That is funny.
>> Something's tracking me.
Okay, so
looks like we don't have underscore.
We have some other things.
So if you want to use underscore map, what
I do and I also do this with jQuery, if I
want to just test something really quick,
I just go to the underscore js website.
We don't wanna go to the docs
cuz then you can see it.
And you just open it, and it will have it.
So that's a tip, you can just come here if
you don't wanna like set up a library and
all that, you don't already have it,
can do that and
most libraries will let you do this.
So you guys got your task,
we're gonna take these weapons,
we're gonna make them broken
by mapping over them.